Update system optimization guides headings (#3422)
ROCm/ROCm: docs/how-to/tuning-guides.rst

.. meta::
   :description: AMD hardware optimization for specific workloads

>    :keywords: high-performance computing, HPC, Instinct accelerators, Radeon,

Reviewer: perhaps remove tuning here and the other topics

Author: done. thanks.

              tuning, tuning guide, AMD, ROCm, system, EPYC, CPU, GPU, BIOS, OS

*******************
System optimization
*******************

> This materials in this section outline system setup and tuning suggestions
> for AMD hardware to optimize performance and functionality for a range of
> workloads or use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System administrators can optimize the performance of their AMD hardware based on workloads and use cases. This section discusses the available system optimization options for AMD accelerators and GPUs. 
```
